This trap has a big mistake. No one ever told you there is one thing you should never ever put in a trap if you wanna see the tomorrow if you value keep your existence there is something you should never ever put in a trap <What?>
I hadn't say you could go. Article 57 of Shadow Proclamation this is fully established level 5 planet and you are gonna burn it you thought no one is watching,back here now!.. <Is this world important?> Important 6 billion people live here is that important? Here is a better question is this planet a threat to the Atraxi, come on you monitoring whole planet is this world a threat? <No.> Okay any of the people in this planet did a crime by the law of Atraxi? <No.> Okay one more just one is this world protected because you are not the first ones there was much more you must ask yourselves what happened to them. Hello I am the Doctor... Basically run.
When did you start believing impossible heroes?
Human progress wasn't measured by the industry it measures by the value you place on life an unimportant life that boy who drowned in the river that boy's value is your value... That is what define an age that is what define us species.
It can't be up to me the Earth doesn't my planet that is not mine moon.
In among seven billion there is someone like you that is why I put up the rest of them.
You really forgotten who you are? Anyone can be warrior and any old man can be a hero we need you.
Universe shows its true face when it asks for help and we show ours by how we respond it.
Humanity is doomed to never learn from it's mistakes.
Everything ends and that is always sad but everything begins again and that is always happy... Be happy.
Never be cruel and never be cowardly and never ever eat pears remember hate is always foolish and love is always wise always, try to be nice and never ever fail to be kind
The universe generally fails to be a fairytale that is where we come in.
Do you know what this isn't... A coincidence.
The universe is big. It’s vast and complicated and ridiculous. And sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles. And that's the theory. Nine hundred years, never seen one yet, but this would do for me.
The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don’t always soften the bad things, but vice versa, the bad things don’t always spoil the good things and make them unimportant.
Never ignore coincidence. Unless, of course, you’re busy. In which case, always ignore coincidence.
There’s a lot of things you need to get across this universe. Warp drive… wormhole refractors… You know the thing you need most of all? You need a hand to hold.
Everybody knows that everybody dies. But not every day. Not today. Some days are special. Some days are so, so blessed. Some days, nobody dies at all. Now and then, every once in a very long while, every day in a million days, when the wind stands fair and the Doctor comes to call, everybody lives.
Letting it get to you. You know what that’s called? Being alive. Best thing there is. Being alive right now is all that counts.
There's something that doesn't make sense. Let's go and poke it with a stick.
You should always waste time when you don't have any. Time is not the boss of you. Rule 408.
Never knowingly be serious. Rule 27
Never run when you're scared. Rule 7.
A straight line may be the shortest distance between two points, but it is by no means the most interesting
Run like hell, because you always need to. Laugh at everything, because it's always funny.
Never be cruel and never be cowardly. And if you ever are, always make amends.
Never eat pears. They're too squishy and they always make your chin wet. That one's quite important. Write it down.
Immortality is not living forever it is not how it fells like immortality is everyone else is dying.